docs: clarify docs for PromQL aggregation operators (#16837)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/operators.md

labels that are not listed in the `by` clause, even if their label values are
identical between all elements of the vector.

### Detailed explanations

#### `sum`

`sum(v)` sums up sample values in `v` in the same way as the `+` binary operator does
between two values. 

> All sample values aggregation into a single resulting vector element must either be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sample values being aggregated into a single resulting vector element must either be
```

(Not introduced by this PR, but needs fixing anyway.)

Author: Good catch, fixed in 95f7535.

float samples or histogram samples. An aggregation of a mix of both is invalid,
resulting in the removal of the corresponding vector element from the output
vector, flagged by a warn-level annotation.

##### Examples

If the metric `http_requests_total` had time series that fan out by
`application`, `instance`, and `group` labels, we could calculate the total
number of seen HTTP requests per application and group over all instances via:

>     sum without (instance) (http_requests_total)

Author: Sounds good to me, I've addressed this in 9a8c4c7. I went with a generic `memory_consumption_bytes` to avoid triggering debates about which memory consumption metric is best 🙂

Which is equivalent to:

     sum by (application, group) (http_requests_total)

If we are just interested in the total of HTTP requests we have seen in **all**
applications, we could simply write:

    sum(http_requests_total)

#### `avg`

`avg(v)` divides the sum of `v` by the number of aggregated samples in the same way
as the `/` binary operator.

> All sample values aggregation into a single resulting vector element must either be

Author: Good catch, fixed in 95f7535.

if no values are present at that timestamp.

The value may be a float or histogram sample.

#### `count_values`

`count_values(l, v)` outputs one time series per unique sample value in `v`. 
Each series has an additional label, given by `l`, and the label value is the 
unique sample value. The value of each time series is the number of times that sample value was present.

`count_values` works with both float samples and histogram samples. For the
latter, a compact string representation of the histogram sample value is used
as the label value.

##### Example

To count the number of binaries running each build version we could write:

    count_values("version", build_version)

#### `stddev`

`stddev(v)` returns the standard deviation of `v`. 

`stddev` only works with float samples, following IEEE 754 floating
point arithmetic. Histogram samples in the input vector are ignored, flagged by
an info-level annotation.

#### `stdvar`

`stdvar(v)` returns the standard deviation of `v`. 

`stdvar` only works with float samples, following IEEE 754 floating
point arithmetic. Histogram samples in the input vector are ignored, flagged by
an info-level annotation.

#### `quantile`

> `quantile(phi, v)` calculates the φ-quantile, the value that ranks at number φ*N among

Author: Good point, fixed in 95f7535.

the N metric values of the dimensions aggregated over.

> 

Author: Addressed in 95f7535.
